after a global pandemic turns the
majority of humankind into violent
so-called infected a man gifted with the
ability to speak the infected's language
leads the hunt for patient zero and a
cure
welcome to total recaps
today we will explain a 2018 action
horror titled patient zero
take a seat and enjoy
scientists are investigating a novel
super strain of rabies called mad dog
illness which first manifested itself in
people the illness spreads at an
alarming rate to the point that
civilization is on the brink of
collapsing when individuals are bitten
they become aggressive within 90 seconds
only a few uninfected individuals
survive and seek shelter under the
surface
a tiny group of medical and military
professionals are searching frantically
for patient zero whose blood scientists
want to utilize as a vaccine
morgan scooter dr rose and colonel knox
assemble to conduct an investigation
morgan prepares the song by playing it
before stepping into the booth because
their brain neurology has been rewired
the only thing that has an effect on
them is music which becomes a weapon
against them
morgan was bitten by an infected but did
not get infected as a result of the bite
on the other side he has the capacity to
interact with others who have been
infected by the virus
he is the only one who has the ability
to communicate with and be understood by
them the fact that morgan is sick makes
him vital to dr rose's study as she
employs morgan to interview diseased
inmates in her quest for case zero
joe the recently infected was
responsible for the deaths of 250
soldiers
he is from minnesota and he got
afflicted with the virus in october dr
rose gathers the information as soon as
possible since this is the earliest
period of infection that they have
discovered
joe is encouraged to take a glass of
wine by morgan in order to make him at
ease the military on the other hand
stops the interview
joe is startled once again by the noises
emanating from the microphone the
colonel then enters the booth where joe
is restrained and shoots the guy in the
head
morgan and others are shocked at what
knox has done
knox is cautioned by dr rose not to
overstep his authority in the future
if he does not comply she will remove
his command from the lab
morgan is in the bathroom when dr rose
enters to check on him
rose administers some tranquilizers to
morgan in order to calm him down
morgan on the other hand will not take
any more he confesses to rose that he
has been experiencing nightmares and
intense memories concerning his wife
janet for the last several months
he was unable to rescue her from the
infected the previous year but to then
have some fun in the bathroom later on
morgan takes a syringe down to the
subterranean headquarters for the team
to administer
in this facility janet is being kept
prisoner as part of an experiment using
morgan's blood
the next day another infected is brought
inside the facility while the troops are
able to put a pressure on the guy
sitting in the chair he unexpectedly
breaks free and assaults the group
the monster attacks scooter who jumps in
to subdue it only to get bitten on the
arm
scooter is carried out by the squad
before he is changed but rose quickly
slashes his arm in order to prevent the
infection from spreading
scooter is subjected to an intense shock
shortly after this occurs and knox
instructs the rest of the crew to
restrain scooter but it is too late this
time he becomes fully infected and nox
shoots him to save the others following
scooter's death knox takes refuge in the
toilet where he weeps for the
unfortunate guy
next day morgan has the opportunity to
speak with the previous infected who bit
scooter the day before
as the guy continues to refuse to
provide any information morgan tortures
him with some obnoxious music
asked by morgan whether he knows who the
initial infected was the guy simply
claims he is from minnesota and that he
got infected in october of this year
he has refused to give any more
information
morgan enraged by the murder of his
closest buddy pulls out his pistol and
aims it directly at the attacker and
rose makes an attempt to stop morgan
at the conclusion the guy continues to
remain quiet on the identity of patient
zero
rose then gives a presentation about her
study
she persuades general pierce to begin
the search for patient zero in minnesota
as soon as possible the general's
research on the other hand according to
knox is a waste of human resources and
should be put to an end
rose believes that they will be unable
to reverse engineer a vaccine if patient
zero is not available
she stresses that the adaptive and
strategic behavior seen in the infected
is evolving at an ever-increasing pace
if the infected are not stopped they
will quickly move in greater groups and
will eventually reveal the refuge
this time though general pierce is on
rosa's side
rose draws blood from morgan once again
in order to save janet she is still
perplexed as to why morgan's blood is
the only one that is resistant to the
virus
rose reports that some lab rats have
made a full recovery after being given
morgan's resistant blood
however it only lasts for five minutes
which causes rose to be concerned about
the treatment provided by morgan ciro
rose then reveals her feelings for
morgan to him but morgan is obsessed
with janet rose finds out she's pregnant
after taking a pregnancy test a few days
later
later as the squad was paying tribute to
their fallen teammates an infected
assaults the squad out of nowhere
knox on the other hand manages to make
it through
he is holding the pistol and is on the
lookout for the infected who has fled
morgan rushes in to save knox just as he
is going to be infected by the virus
later the guy surrenders and expresses a
desire to speak exclusively with morgan
strangely enough the music had no effect
on him this time around he seems to be
having a good time
even his smoking habits are those of a
normal human being
because of his previous experience as a
university professor the crew has dubbed
him the professor he implies that not
only are the infected becoming more
intelligent but they are also aware of
this operation
the professor explains how he became
infected with the virus
it happened on a typical day at the
university the professor was on the
phone with his wife when an infected
horde assaulted everyone on his way out
of the building the professor was bitten
by a student he then went home and
butchered his wife
morgan gets enraged and strikes the
professor in the face as a result
he is comforted by rose who warns him
not to allow the professor to take over
the power
they continue their conversation and he
realizes something it comes out that the
infected have been planning to find out
about morgan from the beginning of the
episode he goes down into the prison
block to interrogate pete the infected
who came in recently pete instantly
slams his head against the wall
attempting to commit suicide before
morgan discovers their scheme morgan
then discovers a transmitter hidden
within his chest which reveals that the
infected plant of the transmitter in
order to determine the location of the
facility
morgan takes it to general pierce and he
then orders the institution to be placed
on complete lockdown
however it is too late to prevent the
attack of the infected they appear out
of nowhere and launch an assault on the
civilians general pierce sees that they
have all broken in in the military
response by opening fire on the invaders
the squad is quickly overwhelmed in the
quarters
knox is chasing after rose in order to
show her the way out
following that he chooses to shoot
general peace in order to buy some time
rose on the other hand is determined to
return to the lab to collect her samples
she threatens knox with the pistol and
he agrees to let her go
she then shoots knocks leaving him to
die
meanwhile morgan has made his way to
jenna she has shown significant
improvement as a result of the
experimental therapy
rose happens to run across the pair and
cautions morgan that janet's symptoms
may reappear at any point in the near
future morgan persuades her that janet
is on the cure and that he would not go
without her
the three of them then dash to the lab
in order to get the samples
they collect the samples and enter the
air duct they stumble across a lab rat
that has been infected with the virus
which janet kills before it can reach
roads at some point they will make their
way to the parking lot which is situated
slightly below ground level the
professor approaches them and explains
that he has come to the facility to kill
morgan who is a member of the cia morgan
is referred to as patient zero and he
poses a threat to their continued
existence
the professor then engages in a
ferocious battle with morgan
morgan uses a pipe to impale the
professor and after that the professor
yells for his companions to come join
him
janet advises morgan and rose that they
should flee and that she would buy them
some time
morgan is then informed that he must
leave her in order to rescue the baby
janet has a strong intuition that rose
is expecting a child morgan and rose
continue their search for the tunnel
through the woods until they come upon a
motorbike
they then ride away pursued by groups of
infected
thank you for watching
if you want to see more make sure to
subscribe and turn on notifications
see you later